you do not like this
life's all about moments of impact and
how they changed our lives forever but
what if one day you could no longer
remember any of them hate you're in the
hospital you were in a car accident any
pain I had doctor she doesn't remember
me her memory is going to improve with
time we missed you coming home to life I
don't know it's a lot to take in
we'll figure this out together the last
memory that I have is being engaged
Jeremy ex-fiance Jeremy oh no no in her
mind it's current fiancé Jeremy I need
to make my wife fall in love with me
again I want to ask you out on a date
make to people that are just meeting for
the first time date I just have to be
back by 10:00 in the morning oh my god
what first date you're already inviting
yourself thin night what I don't know
I'm just a little scandalized
you can't remember how we fell in love
you get sad experience at all over this
is the exact parking spot where we first
met
she doesn't remember you do you like
this right a little bit I'm trying to
say but we have I hope one day I can
that's the way that you love me you
figured it out once he'll do it again
I fell no matter what challenges might
carry us apart we will always find a way
back to each other